---
title: Stripe CLI
description: Local webhook testing made easy.
---

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-light-bulb" to="https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli" target="_blank"}
Refer to the official Stripe documentation for more information.
::

::card{title="Pro Tip" icon="i-heroicons-bolt"}
In a [devcontainer](https://containers.dev/){target=_blank} you can use the [Stripe CLI feature](https://github.com/nullcoder/devcontainer-features/tree/main/src/stripe-cli){target=_blank}:

```json [.devcontainer/devcontainer.json]
{
  "features": {
    "ghcr.io/nullcoder/devcontainer-features/stripe-cli:1": {}
  }
}
```
::

First you need to install the [Stripe CLI](https://stripe.com/docs/stripe-cli#install){target=_blank}.

This step is platform dependant however here's quick instructions for Windows and Docker:

::tabs
  ::div
  ---
  label: Docker
  icon: i-simple-icons-docker
  ---

  ```bash [Terminal]
  docker run --rm -it stripe/stripe-cli:latest
  ```
  ::

  ::div
  ---
  label: Scoop
  icon: i-simple-icons-windowsxp
  ---

  ```bash [Terminal]
  scoop bucket add stripe https://github.com/stripe/scoop-stripe-cli.git
  scoop install stripe
  ```
  ::
::

::callout
The webhook secret will is printed in the terminal when you run the project during development.
::

To retrive the webhook secret, navigate to the Stripe Dashboard and click on the `Developers` tab then click the `Test in a local environment` button, or just follow the direct link to the [Stripe Test Webhooks Dashboard](https://dashboard.stripe.com/test/webhooks/create?endpoint_location=local){target=_blank}.

Add the webhook secret to your `.env` file:

```ini [.env]
NUXT_STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET="whsec_"
```

You are now ready to receive webhooks events during development, the module will take care of running the Stripe CLI for you.

::callout{icon="i-heroicons-exclamation-triangle" color="amber"}
You must set the `NUXT_STRIPE_WEBHOOK_SECRET` in your `.env` otherwise the webhook signatures will not match.
::

## Caveats

When local testing, there are some things to consider.

Stripe might rotate the CLI webhook secret after some time, keep an eye on the logs and be aware of this.

You might not see all the events in the terminal, this is intentional to avoid clogging your workspace.

Instead, print the stripe event yourself in the webhook handler like so:

```ts [server/api/stripe/webhook.ts]
export default stripeWebhookHandler((event) => {
  if (import.meta.dev) {
    console.dir(event, { depth: null, colors: true })
  }
})
```

Be aware you are gonna get bombarded with events, so use this if you need some tinkering or debugging.
